["Testing the sound. Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Sound Test Try Now If the TV plays the Start Sound Test melody without distortion, there may be a problem with an external device or the broadcast signal's strength. The problem Try this! There is no sound or the sound is too low at maximum volume. The picture is good but there is no sound. No sound is heard. The speakers are making an odd sound. Check the volume control of your TV, and then check the volume control of the external device (cable box or satellite box, DVD, Blu-ray, etc.) connected to your TV. Set Sound Output TV Speaker Settings Sound Sound Output If you are using an external device, check the device's audio output option. For example, you may need to change your cable box's audio option to HDMI if the box connected to your TV is using an HDMI cable. To listen to computer sound, connect an external speaker to the computer's audio output connector. If your TV has a headphone jack, make sure there is nothing plugged into it. Reboot the connected device by disconnecting and then reconnecting the device's power cable. Check whether the Digital Output Audio Format is set to Dolby Digital+ If you are using a receiver that does not support Dolby Digital Plus, you will hear no sound when you select Dolby Digital+ Settings Sound Expert Settings Digital Output Audio Format Dolby Digital+ Run Start Sound Test Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Sound Test Make sure that the audio cable is connected to the correct audio output connector on the external device. For antenna or cable connections, check the signal information. A low signal level may cause sound distortions. ", "I Can't Hear the Sound Clearly. When the TV has difficulties with sound, these steps may help resolve the problem.", "Configuring advanced sound settings. Settings Sound Expert Settings Try Now You can personalize the sound quality by adjusting the following settings. Balance Try Now Equalizer Try Now HDMI Input Audio Format Try Now Digital Output Audio Format Try Now If you use a receiver that does not support Dolby Digital Plus, you will hear no sound if you select Dolby Digital+ The Dolby Digital+ option is only available via ARC(HDMI) for external devices that support the format. Audio Delay Try Now Sound Mirroring When the Sound Mirroring function is set to , you can share your mobile device's sound using your TV speakers. This function may not be supported depending on the TV model or mobile device. Auto Volume Sound Feedback Try Now Reset Sound Try Now "]