['Setting the current time. Settings General System Manager Time Try Now You can set the Clock manually or automatically. Once the Clock is set, you can view the current time on the TV anytime. You must reset the clock in the following cases: The power cable is disconnected and then connected. The Clock Mode is changed from Manual Auto The TV is not connected to the Internet. No broadcast signals are received. Setting the clock automatically Settings General System Manager Time Clock Clock Mode Auto This function works only when the TV is connected to the Internet or is receiving digital broadcasts through a connected antenna. The accuracy of the time information received may differ with the channel and signal. If you get your TV signal from a cable broadcast receiver/set-top box or a satellite receiver/satellite set-top box connected to an HDMI or Component port, you must set the current time manually. Adjusting the clock for DST and time zone Settings General System Manager Time Clock Sets the right time by setting Daylight Savings Time (DST) and your local time zone. Time Zone Selects your time zone. This function is only available when the Clock Mode is set to Auto DST Automatically adjusts for Daylight Saving Time (DST). This function is only available when the Clock Mode is set to Auto Changing the current time Settings General System Manager Time Clock Time Offset Time Offset adjusts the time through a network connection. This function is only available if Clock Mode is set to Auto and the TV is connected to the Internet though a local area network. Time Offset adjusts the time if the TV fails to receive time information through normal digital broadcast signals. Setting the clock manually Settings General System Manager Time Clock Clock Mode Manual When Clock Mode is set to Manual , you can directly enter the current time. Select the Date and Time by using the directional buttons on the remote control.', "Setting Up a Schedule Viewing. Configure the TV to show a specific channel or program at a specific time and date. The icon appears next to programs that have been configured for a schedule viewing. To set up a schedule viewing, you must first set the TV's clock ( Settings General System Manager Time Clock Setting up a schedule viewing The Guide Screen On the Guide screen, select a program you would like to view, and then press and hold the Select button. Select Schedule Viewing on the pop-up menu that appears. The Program Info Screen Press the Select button while watching the TV. The Program Info window appears. Select a broadcast scheduled program by using the left or right directional buttons, and then press the Select button. You can schedule watching the program by selecting Schedule Viewing ", 'Changing the recording time. When recording a live program you can specify how long you want to record for. Press the down directional button to display the control bar at the bottom. Press the left or right directional buttons to move to Edit Recording Time , and then press the Select button. A slider scale appears and you will hear the recording time currently set. Use the left and right directional buttons to change the time, and then press the Select button. You will hear a menu that gives information about the recording time. To return to the program you are watching, press the button on the remote. The maximum recording time differs depending on the capacity of the USB device. ']