["Testing the sound. Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Sound Test Try Now If the TV plays the Start Sound Test melody without distortion, there may be a problem with an external device or the broadcast signal's strength. The problem Try this! There is no sound or the sound is too low at maximum volume. The picture is good but there is no sound. No sound is heard. The speakers are making an odd sound. Check the volume control of your TV, and then check the volume control of the external device (cable box or satellite box, DVD, Blu-ray, etc.) connected to your TV. Set Sound Output TV Speaker Settings Sound Sound Output If you are using an external device, check the device's audio output option. For example, you may need to change your cable box's audio option to HDMI if the box connected to your TV is using an HDMI cable. To listen to computer sound, connect an external speaker to the computer's audio output connector. If your TV has a headphone jack, make sure there is nothing plugged into it. Reboot the connected device by disconnecting and then reconnecting the device's power cable. Check whether the Digital Output Audio Format is set to Dolby Digital+ If you are using a receiver that does not support Dolby Digital Plus, you will hear no sound when you select Dolby Digital+ Settings Sound Expert Settings Digital Output Audio Format Dolby Digital+ Run Start Sound Test Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Sound Test Make sure that the audio cable is connected to the correct audio output connector on the external device. For antenna or cable connections, check the signal information. A low signal level may cause sound distortions. ", "I Can't Hear the Sound Clearly. When the TV has difficulties with sound, these steps may help resolve the problem.", "Connection notes for audio devices. For better audio quality, it is a good idea to use an AV receiver. If you connect an external audio device using an optical cable, the Sound Output setting is automatically changed to the connected device. However, to make this happen, you must turn on the external audio device before connecting the optical cable. To manually change the Sound Output setting, do one of the following: Use the Quick Settings screen to change to the connected device: Use the Select button to select Audio Out/Optical on the Sound Output menu. ( Settings directional button Sound Output Use the Settings screen to change to the connected device: Select Audio Out/Optical on the Sound Output menu. ( Settings Sound Sound Output An unusual noise coming from a connected audio device while you are using it may indicate a problem with the audio device itself. If this occurs, ask for assistance from the audio device's manufacturer. Digital audio is only available with 5.1 channel broadcasts. "]