['Using the Channel List. See how to list the channels available on your TV. Live TV Channel List Using Channel List , you can change the channel or check programs on other digital channels while watching TV. Press the button on the remote to open Smart Hub , press the left or right directional buttons to move to Live TV press the up directional button to move to the top row, press the right directional button to move to Channel List and then press the Select button. This shows a list of the channels and the program currently on. The focus will be on the channel you are currently watching, showing channel name, channel number, and program title. Use the up and down directional buttons to move within the channel list (or use the button to go up and down a page at a time). You can also use the button to enter a channel number and go to that channel directly. Press the right directional button in the Channel List to move to the Category List . Use the up and down directional buttons to move within this list. Press the Select button to choose a category you want from the Category List . The Category List contains All Channels and Favorites . Use the up and down directional buttons to move to a channel you want to view, and then press the Select button. All Channels Displays the channels that have been automatically searched. Favorites Displays Favorites 1 Favorites 5 . Use the up and down directional buttons to move between the lists of favorites. Highlight the one you want, and then press Select. The channel list will now show only the channels in this list. This option is only available on specific models in specific geographical areas. ', 'Adding channels to a favorites list. Select channels to add, and then select the icon. The selected channels are added to the favorites list.', 'Using the Channel List. Change the channel or check programs on other digital channels. Live TV Channel List Using the Channel List , you can change the channel or check programs on other digital channels while watching TV. The Channel List screen contains the following icons: : A favorite channel : A locked channel. If you press the right directional button when viewing the Channel List screen, you can use the following functions: All Channels Displays the channels that the TV found during the Auto Program channel search. Favorites Displays Favorites 1 Favorites 5 Air Cable To allow you to select Air Cable as the DTV mode, move the focus to Air Cable , and then press the Select button. Air is suitable for homes equipped with separate, over-the-air antennas. Cable is suitable for homes that subscribe to a local cable-service. You do not need to use this function if your TV is connected to a cable box or satellite box. TV PLUS While the TV is connected to the Internet, you can watch popular programs or highlights for each theme through a virtual channel at any time. As with regular channels, the TV provides the daily program schedules for TV PLUS This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. ']