['Resetting Your Network. Settings General Network Reset Network Try Now Restore the network settings to the factory default.', 'Restoring the TV to the factory settings. Settings Support Self Diagnosis Reset Try Now You can restore all TV settings (excluding the Internet and network settings) to the factory defaults. Select Reset . The security PIN entry window appears. Enter the security PIN, and then select Yes . All settings are then reset. The TV turns off and on again automatically and displays the Start Setup screen. For more information on Start Setup , refer to the user manual that came with the TV. ', "Troubleshooting Internet connectivity issues. Try Now After reading the following content, troubleshoot the Internet connection issue. If the problem persists, contact your Internet Service Provider. No network cable found Make sure that the LAN cable is plugged in on both ends. If it is plugged in, make sure that the router is turned on. If the router is on, try turning it off and then on. Wireless network connection failed If a selected wireless router is not found, go to Open Network Settings , and then select the correct router. Settings General Network Open Network Settings Unable to connect to a wireless router Check if the router is turned on. If it is, turn it off and then on. Enter the correct password if required. IP auto setting failed Configure the settings in IP Settings Settings General Network Network Status IP Settings Make sure that the DHCP server is enabled on the router, and then unplug the router and plug it back in. Reset the router if required. For wireless connection, enter the correct password if required. Unable to connect to the network Check all IP Settings Settings General Network Network Status IP Settings After checking the DHCP server status (must be active) on the router, remove the LAN cable, and then connect it again. For wireless connection, enter the correct password if required. Connected to a local network, but not to the Internet Make sure that the Internet LAN cable is connected to the router's external LAN port. Check the DNS values in IP Settings Settings General Network Network Status IP Settings Network setup is complete, but unable to connect to the Internet If the problem persists, contact your Internet Service Provider. "]