['Recording programs. Using the instant and schedule recording options from the guide screen Instant Recording Select a live program from the Guide , press and hold the Select button, and then select Record from the pop- up menu to start recording immediately. Schedule Recording Select a program scheduled to be broadcast, press the Select button, and then select Schedule Recording set up a scheduled recording of the scheduled program. Using the instant and schedule recording options while watching a program Instant Recording If you select Record after pressing the button while watching a broadcast, recording starts. Schedule Recording Press the Select button while watching a program to display the program info window. Use the left or right directional button to select a scheduled program. Press the Select button, and then select Schedule Recording to set up a scheduled recording of the scheduled program. Scheduling a video recording after entering the date and time Live TV Recordings Schedules Add Recording To schedule a recording, set the values for Antenna Channel Repeat Date Start Time , and End Time of the broadcast program to record, and then select Save Check the current time in Settings General System Manager Time Clock', 'Using the instant and schedule recording options from the guide screen:. To record a program that is on now, open the program guide, move to the program, and then press and hold the Select button. You will get a pop-up menu. Use the up and down directional buttons to move to Record . Press select to record the program. You will be returned to the program guide. Recording automatically ends at the time when the program ends. To open the Guide and stop recording the program, press and hold the Select button. The menu is displayed and there is now a Stop Recording option instead of a Record option. Move to the Stop Recording option, and then press the Select button. To record a program that is on later, move to the program in the Guide , and then press Select. You will get a pop-up menu. Use the up and down directional button to move within this menu. Move to the Schedule Recording , and then press Select. You will hear a message saying the program has been set to record and then you will be returned to the program guide. The icon is placed visually next to the program title to show it is set to record. To find out if a program is set to record or to cancel a scheduled recording, press select on the program. If it is already set to record, then the option on the menu will be Cancel Scheduled Recording . You can press the Select button to cancel the scheduled recording or just press the button to go back to the program guide without cancelling the recording. ', 'Setting up a scheduled viewing for a channel. Using the schedule viewing options from the guide screen On the Guide screen, select a program you would like to view, press and hold the Select button, and then select Schedule Viewing in the pop-up menu that appears. Using the schedule viewing options in the program info window Press the Select button while watching TV. The Program Info window appears. Select a program that will be broadcast using the left or right directional buttons. Press the Select button, and then select Schedule Viewing schedule viewing of that program. Using schedule viewing to view programs at a specified time on a specified date (U.S.A and Canada) Live TV Schedule Manager Add Viewing (Other countries) Live TV Schedule Manager Recordings Schedules Add Viewing To schedule a viewing, set the values for Antenna Channel Repeat Date and Start Time of the broadcast program to view, and then select Save Check the current time in Settings General System Manager Time Clock This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. ']