['Launching the last used app automatically. Settings General Smart Features Autorun Last App Try Now Autorun Last App is set to , the last used app is automatically run when you turn on the TV. You can also turn this function on or off: press the Select button at the current menu. This function may not be supported depending on the app. Move Remove ', "Installing and running an app. Installing an app Move to the app you want to install, and then press the Select button. The detailed information screen appears. Select Install . When the installation is complete, the Open menu appears. Select Open to run the app immediately. You can view installed apps on the Settings screen. If the TV's internal memory is insufficient, you can install some specific apps on a USB device. You can run an app installed on a USB device only when the USB device is connected to the TV. If the USB device is disconnected while an app is running, the app is terminated. You cannot run an app installed on a USB device on a PC or another TV. Launching an app You can run the app desired from Downloaded App The icons below appear within the selected app's icon and indicate the following: : The app is installed on a USB device. : The app has a password. : The app needs to be updated. : The app supports the mirroring function. ", 'Managing purchased or installed apps. Select Settings APPS . You can manage installed apps. The image on your TV may differ from the image above depending on the model and geographical area. Removing an app Select an app to delete. Select Delete The selected app is deleted. Ensure that the related app data is also removed when you remove an app. Adding apps to the Home Screen Select an app to add. Select Add to Home After the Home screen appears, move the selected app to the desired location. Press the Select button. The selected app is added to the Home Screen. Settings Delete Add to Home Lock/Unlock Move Reinstall View Details Auto Update : ON Locking and unlocking apps Select an app to lock or unlock. Select Lock/Unlock The selected app is locked or unlocked. To lock or unlock an app, enter the PIN. The default PIN is You can set the PIN in Settings General System Manager Change PIN Moving apps Select an app to move. Select Move Move the app to the desired location. Press the Select button. The selected app is moved. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Reinstalling an app Select the app to install again. Select Reinstall Reinstallation starts. Checking the app information details Select the app to check. Select View Details The app information screen appears. Automatically updating apps Installed apps can be automatically updated. If you do not want apps automatically updated, set Auto Update OFF Automatic update is enabled only when the TV is connected to the Internet.']