['Choosing a picture mode. Settings Picture Picture Mode Try Now You can select the Picture Mode that provides the best viewing experience. Dynamic Makes the picture brighter and clearer in bright viewing environments. Standard Is the default mode suitable for general viewing environments. Natural Reduces eye strain for a comfortable viewing experience. Movie Is suitable for watching TV or movies in a dark room. This function may not be supported depending on the model.', "Playing games on an optimized screen. Settings General External Device Manager Game Mode Settings Game Mode You can enable game mode to optimize the TV's settings for playing video games with a gaming console, such as a PlayStation or Xbox. The Game Mode Settings may not appear depending on the model. The game mode is not available for normal TV viewing. The screen may shake somewhat. When Game Mode is enabled, Picture Mode and Sound Mode are switched to Game automatically. To use a different external device on the same port, remove the game console connection, turn off Game Mode, and then connect the external device to the port.", 'Screen states related to Ambient Mode. Ambient Mode Ambient Mode , you can set up and enjoy visual information and design. In this state, less power is consumed and brightness is automatically adjusted by the illuminance sensor. Getting dark state Ambient Mode , the TV screen changes automatically according to the surroundings. When the surroundings get dark, the TV screen becomes darker. When the surroundings get bright before the TV screen turns completely black or when the remote control or the Bixby function is operated, the TV screen returns to Ambient Mode You can change the auto brightness setting for Ambient Mode . For more information, refer to up the Ambient Mode In this state, the TV can activate voice guides and process voice commands. Black screen state Ambient Mode , if the surroundings get to a specific level of darkness or there is no external operation, the TV turns soft-off. Then, when the surroundings get bright, the TV screen returns to the Ambient Mode You can change the auto brightness setting for Ambient Mode . For more information, refer to up the Ambient Mode In this state, the TV cannot activate voice guides and process voice commands. TV off state To enter Ambient Mode when the TV is turned off, press the button on the remote control. To enter TV mode when the TV is turned off, press the button. In TV mode, you can watch broadcasts or enjoy the content on the external connected devices. ']