['Setting up a scheduled viewing for a channel. Using the schedule viewing options from the guide screen On the Guide screen, select a program you would like to view, press and hold the Select button, and then select Schedule Viewing in the pop-up menu that appears. Using the schedule viewing options in the program info window Press the Select button while watching TV. The Program Info window appears. Select a program that will be broadcast using the left or right directional buttons. Press the Select button, and then select Schedule Viewing schedule viewing of that program. Using schedule viewing to view programs at a specified time on a specified date (U.S.A and Canada) Live TV Schedule Manager Add Viewing (Other countries) Live TV Schedule Manager Recordings Schedules Add Viewing To schedule a viewing, set the values for Antenna Channel Repeat Date and Start Time of the broadcast program to view, and then select Save Check the current time in Settings General System Manager Time Clock This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. ', "Setting Up a Schedule Viewing. Configure the TV to show a specific channel or program at a specific time and date. The icon appears next to programs that have been configured for a schedule viewing. To set up a schedule viewing, you must first set the TV's clock ( Settings General System Manager Time Clock Setting up a schedule viewing The Guide Screen On the Guide screen, select a program you would like to view, and then press and hold the Select button. Select Schedule Viewing on the pop-up menu that appears. The Program Info Screen Press the Select button while watching the TV. The Program Info window appears. Select a broadcast scheduled program by using the left or right directional buttons, and then press the Select button. You can schedule watching the program by selecting Schedule Viewing ", 'Cancelling a scheduled viewing. You have two ways to cancel a scheduled viewing. 1. Cancelling a scheduled viewing from the Guide Live TV Guide Move to the program you want to cancel scheduled viewing for, and then press the Select button. Move to Cancel Scheduled Viewing , and then press the Select button. When a pop-up message asking you to cancel the selected scheduled viewing appears, select Yes . The selected scheduled viewing is canceled and the screen returns to the Guide screen. 2. Cancelling a scheduled viewing from Smart Hub Live TV Schedule Manager Recordings Schedules Delete Press the button to open Smart Hub , and then press the left or right directional button to move to Live TV Press the up directional button to move to the top row, and then press the left or right directional button to move to Schedule Manager Recordings Press Select to open Schedule Manager Recordings Press the up directional button to move to the Schedules menu. Use the down directional button to move to the list of programs scheduled to view. Use the right directional button to move to the Delete option, and then press the Select button to delete the selected item. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. ']