['Setting accessibility settings using Bixby. Bixby lets you control your TV with voice commands spoken into the microphone built into the Samsung Smart Remote. To use Bixby , the TV must be set up and tuned and must be connected to the Internet. You can connect the TV to the Internet during the initial setup or do it later through the settings menu. There are many commands you can say to control the TV. These can be used together with Voice Guide to give you voice input and voice output. To speak a command, press and hold the button (located near the top of the Samsung Smart Remote, directly below the LED power indicator and above the directional button) and say the command, and then release the button. The TV will confirm the command. For example you can: Turn Voice Guide on: Press the button on the Samsung Smart Remote, and then say Voice Guide on Turn Video Description on: Press the button on the Samsung Smart Remote, and then say Video Description on Turn High Contrast on: Press the button on the Samsung Smart Remote, and then say High Contrast on ', 'White text on black background (high contrast). Settings General Accessibility High Contrast Try Now You can change Smart Hub and setting menu screens to white text on a black background or change the transparent TV menus to opaque so that text can be more easily read. To activate this function, set High Contrast High Contrast is on, some Accessibility menus are not available.', 'Running Bixby. Press and hold the button on your Samsung Smart Remote, say a command, and then release the button. The TV recognizes the voice command. To view the Bixby guide, press the button once: When you press the button for the first time, the Using Bixby button appears at the bottom of the screen. Press the Select button. The Using Bixby popup window appears and a tutorial on using Bixby is shown. When you press the button after the first time, the Enter My Bixby button appears at the bottom of the screen. Press the Select button to go to the My Bixby screen. ']