["Reducing the energy consumption of the TV. Settings General Eco Solution Try Now You can adjust the brightness level of the TV, reduce overall power consumption, and prevent overheating. Ambient Light Detection Try Now Automatically adjusts the brightness level of the TV, according to the ambient light level, to reduce power consumption. If Ambient Light Detection has adjusted the screen brightness to a too bright or dark level, you can select Minimum Backlight to manually adjust the minimum screen brightness. Minimum Backlight Try Now When Ambient Light Detection is turned on, you can manually adjust the minimum brightness of the TV screen. This function acts only when the value is less than the setting in Settings Picture Expert Settings Backlight Power Saving Mode Try Now Allows you to select a brightness setting from the list to reduce the TV's power consumption. Motion Lighting Try Now Adjusts the brightness in response to on-screen movements to reduce power consumption. Auto Power Off Try Now Automatically turns off the TV to reduce unnecessary power consumption if there is no operation for 4 hours. ", 'Configuring advanced picture settings. Settings Picture Expert Settings Try Now Configure the screen settings to your taste by using the following functions: Backlight Try Now Brightness Try Now Contrast Try Now Sharpness Try Now Color Try Now Tint (G/R) Try Now Apply Picture Settings Try Now Digital Clean View Try Now Auto Motion Plus Settings Try Now When LED Clear Motion is set to , the screen appears darker than when it is Off Local Dimming This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Contrast Enhancer Try Now HDR+ Mode Try Now Automatically provide an optimal HDR effect based on the video source. The HDR (High Dynamic Range) technology implements video images that are very similar to the images seen through human eyes by finely adjusting the contrast of the source. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Film Mode Try Now This function is only available when the input signal is TV, AV, Component (480i, 1080i), or HDMI (1080i). Color Tone Try Now White Balance Try Now Gamma Try Now RGB Only Mode Try Now Color Space Settings Try Now Reset Picture Try Now ', 'Screen states related to Ambient Mode. Ambient Mode Ambient Mode , you can set up and enjoy visual information and design. In this state, less power is consumed and brightness is automatically adjusted by the illuminance sensor. Getting dark state Ambient Mode , the TV screen changes automatically according to the surroundings. When the surroundings get dark, the TV screen becomes darker. When the surroundings get bright before the TV screen turns completely black or when the remote control or the Bixby function is operated, the TV screen returns to Ambient Mode You can change the auto brightness setting for Ambient Mode . For more information, refer to up the Ambient Mode In this state, the TV can activate voice guides and process voice commands. Black screen state Ambient Mode , if the surroundings get to a specific level of darkness or there is no external operation, the TV turns soft-off. Then, when the surroundings get bright, the TV screen returns to the Ambient Mode You can change the auto brightness setting for Ambient Mode . For more information, refer to up the Ambient Mode In this state, the TV cannot activate voice guides and process voice commands. TV off state To enter Ambient Mode when the TV is turned off, press the button on the remote control. To enter TV mode when the TV is turned off, press the button. In TV mode, you can watch broadcasts or enjoy the content on the external connected devices. ']