["Troubleshooting Internet connectivity issues. Try Now After reading the following content, troubleshoot the Internet connection issue. If the problem persists, contact your Internet Service Provider. No network cable found Make sure that the LAN cable is plugged in on both ends. If it is plugged in, make sure that the router is turned on. If the router is on, try turning it off and then on. Wireless network connection failed If a selected wireless router is not found, go to Open Network Settings , and then select the correct router. Settings General Network Open Network Settings Unable to connect to a wireless router Check if the router is turned on. If it is, turn it off and then on. Enter the correct password if required. IP auto setting failed Configure the settings in IP Settings Settings General Network Network Status IP Settings Make sure that the DHCP server is enabled on the router, and then unplug the router and plug it back in. Reset the router if required. For wireless connection, enter the correct password if required. Unable to connect to the network Check all IP Settings Settings General Network Network Status IP Settings After checking the DHCP server status (must be active) on the router, remove the LAN cable, and then connect it again. For wireless connection, enter the correct password if required. Connected to a local network, but not to the Internet Make sure that the Internet LAN cable is connected to the router's external LAN port. Check the DNS values in IP Settings Settings General Network Network Status IP Settings Network setup is complete, but unable to connect to the Internet If the problem persists, contact your Internet Service Provider. ", 'Setting up an Internet connection over IPv6. Configuring the IPv6 connection settings Settings General Network Expert Settings IPv6 This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Checking the Internet connection set up over IPv6 Settings General Network Expert Settings IPv6 Status This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area.', 'Connecting an IP control device to the TV. Settings General Network Expert Settings IP Remote You can connect an IP control device to the TV remotely to manage your IP device. To use this function, Power On with Mobile must be turned on. Turning this feature on may allow other IP control devices to control your TV. We recommend turning this feature on only if an authorized third-party custom controller is installed and configured specifically for a Samsung TV and if your Wi-Fi network is password protected. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area.']