["Testing the sound. Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Sound Test Try Now If the TV plays the Start Sound Test melody without distortion, there may be a problem with an external device or the broadcast signal's strength. The problem Try this! There is no sound or the sound is too low at maximum volume. The picture is good but there is no sound. No sound is heard. The speakers are making an odd sound. Check the volume control of your TV, and then check the volume control of the external device (cable box or satellite box, DVD, Blu-ray, etc.) connected to your TV. Set Sound Output TV Speaker Settings Sound Sound Output If you are using an external device, check the device's audio output option. For example, you may need to change your cable box's audio option to HDMI if the box connected to your TV is using an HDMI cable. To listen to computer sound, connect an external speaker to the computer's audio output connector. If your TV has a headphone jack, make sure there is nothing plugged into it. Reboot the connected device by disconnecting and then reconnecting the device's power cable. Check whether the Digital Output Audio Format is set to Dolby Digital+ If you are using a receiver that does not support Dolby Digital Plus, you will hear no sound when you select Dolby Digital+ Settings Sound Expert Settings Digital Output Audio Format Dolby Digital+ Run Start Sound Test Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Sound Test Make sure that the audio cable is connected to the correct audio output connector on the external device. For antenna or cable connections, check the signal information. A low signal level may cause sound distortions. ", "My Computer Won't Connect. When the TV has difficulties connecting to a PC, these steps may help resolve the problem. The problem Try this! The Not Set your PC's output resolution so it matches a resolution supported by the TV. message appears. The video is OK but there is no audio. Select Source to confirm that the correct input source has been selected. If the TV is not connected to a cable box or satellite box, run Auto Program to search for channels. Settings Broadcasting Auto Program Confirm that the coaxial cable is securely connected to the TV. Run Start Setup Auto Program Settings General Start Setup Settings Broadcasting Auto Program Go to Caption Settings and change the Caption Mode Settings General Accessibility Caption Settings Caption Mode Some channels may not have caption data. The compression of the video content may cause picture distortions. This is especially true with fast moving pictures from sports programs and action movies. A weak signal can cause picture distortions. This is not a problem with the TV. If you are using an HDMI connection, check the audio output setting on your PC. If you are using an HDMI-to-DVI cable, a separate audio cable is required. Note that the HDMI-to-DVI connection is only supported by the HDMI (DVI) port and this port does not transmit audio. To listen to the computer sound, connect external speakers to the audio output connection of the computer. ", "I Can't Hear the Sound Clearly. When the TV has difficulties with sound, these steps may help resolve the problem."]