["Changing the input signal. Source When you select a connected external device on the Source screen, the output of the selected device is displayed on the TV's screen. To control a device (Blu-ray player, game console, etc.) that supports universal remote control with the TV's remote, connect the device to an HDMI port on the TV, and then turn on the device. You can switch to the output of the device automatically or you can configure universal remote control for the device automatically. To configure the device for universal remote control automatically, point the TV's remote control at the device. When a USB device is connected to the USB port, a pop-up message appears that lets you switch easily to the media content listed on the device. This function may not be supported depending on the device and geographical area. ", 'Connection Guide. You can view detailed information about external devices that can be connected to the TV. Source Connection Guide It shows you how to connect various external devices such as set-top boxes, game consoles, and PCs using pictures. If you select the connection method and an external device, the connection details appear. The image on your TV may differ from the image above depending on the model and geographical area.', 'Using the Channel List. Change the channel or check programs on other digital channels. Live TV Channel List Using the Channel List , you can change the channel or check programs on other digital channels while watching TV. The Channel List screen contains the following icons: : A favorite channel : A locked channel. If you press the right directional button when viewing the Channel List screen, you can use the following functions: All Channels Displays the channels that the TV found during the Auto Program channel search. Favorites Displays Favorites 1 Favorites 5 Air Cable To allow you to select Air Cable as the DTV mode, move the focus to Air Cable , and then press the Select button. Air is suitable for homes equipped with separate, over-the-air antennas. Cable is suitable for homes that subscribe to a local cable-service. You do not need to use this function if your TV is connected to a cable box or satellite box. TV PLUS While the TV is connected to the Internet, you can watch popular programs or highlights for each theme through a virtual channel at any time. As with regular channels, the TV provides the daily program schedules for TV PLUS This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. ']