[' http://orca.cf.ac.uk/69188/\n\nExamining the clinical and genetic overlap of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder traits -ORCA Examining the clinical and genetic overlap of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder traits Martin, Joanna 2014. Examining the clinical and genetic overlap of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder traits. PhD Thesis, Cardiff University. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common and impairing neurodevelopmental disorder, which frequently co-occurs with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Both disorders are highly heritable and recent studies report a substantial degree of overlap in genetic risks for ADHD and ASD. The overall objective of this thesis is to examine the clinical co-occurrence and shared genetic susceptibility of these conditions, as', ' https://teacherfunder.com/language-disorder-in-the-classroom/\n\nLanguage Disorder in the Classroom - #TeacherFunder Language Disorder in the Classroom Language disorders are developmental conditions which can affect a person’s ability to read, write, and understand a spoken or written language. They are often treated as part of a larger group of communication disorders. Language disorders may involve difficulties with the forms that language takes, which includes issues forming or understanding the sounds it uses, the way words are constructed in relation to their meaning, and the systems regarding word order; they may involve difficulties understanding the content and meaning of what they are saying or learning; they may involve difficulties in communicating with spoken', ' https://www.northtexasallergy.com/1153-2/\n\nEczema - North Texas Allergy & Asthma Center January 2, 2019 by Shikha Mane, M.D. Atopic dermatitis, otherwise known as eczema, is a non-contagious chronic inflammatory skin condition that typically begins in infancy or early childhood, and presents before the age of 5 in more than 90% of cases. Eczema symptoms and flare-ups tend to stop in half of the children during adolescence. However, it can persist into adulthood for some individuals. And for others, it may begin in adulthood. It is very rare to develop eczema after the age 60 and if this occurs, other diseases should be considered. The most common symptoms include dry itchy skin,', ' https://www.acamh.org/topic/developmental-language-disorder/\n\nDevelopmental Language Disorder - ACAMH For example, when typical children can say ‘that boy cuts shapes out paper with sharp scissors’, the child with DLD might say ‘him doing cuts’ to express the same idea. Though such limitations of expressive language are readily apparent, for many children, understanding of language (receptive language) is also a challenge. Language disorders emerge in early childhood, have a significant impact on everyday social interactions or educational progress, and persist throughout the school years and into adulthood. Aspects of language may be variably impaired and include: Phonology (speech sounds) Syntax (grammar) and morphology (endings on words that express grammatical relationships,', ' https://acadcom.com/acawebsite/ACAtopic.asp?extra=155\n\nAcademic Communication: Speech - Language Therapy Materials - Special Education Products Using Music in Speech and Language Therapy Programs to Improve Communication and Social Interaction Skills By Academic Communication Associates Music can be used to facilitate the development of speech and language skills and is often used by speech-language pathologists in their therapy programs. Music helps to motivate students to become actively involved in learning. Moreover, the lyrics can be used to teach grammatical structures, to provide exposure to new vocabulary, to improve attention to auditory information, and to reinforce skills being taught through instructional programs. The repetitive patterns in rap and rock music help children to remember information as they']