[' https://www.washington.edu/doit/strategies-working-people-who-have-disabilities\n\n that people with disabilities participating in a work-based learning experience are there to succeed. Keep your expectations high. Be positive and proactive in helping them achieve success. Career counselors and employers who follow the succeeding suggestions can help students with disabilities accomplish just that.', ' https://www.washington.edu/doit/strategies-working-people-who-have-disabilities\n\n for people with health impairments.Psychiatric DisabilitiesPeople who have psychiatric disabilities are not always considered mentally ill. A person with an psychiatric disability may need to be provided with unique on-the-job accommodations to prevent from exacerbating behaviors that are not appropriate in the work environment. Applying the following suggestions will assist career services staff and employers in working with an intern or employee with a psychiatric disability.Be positive and expect the person to do well. Friendliness is always the correct road to take.Be consistent. The person should know what to expect. Carry through with expected actions.Make instructions clear. You may want to write instructions down as well as explain them verbally.Reward and compliment good performance on the job. Criticism should be done privately. Provide positive suggestions for improving performance.Meet with the person privately on a regular basis to determine if there are', ' https://www.ahead.ie/journal/Positive-Psychology-Supporting-individuals-with-disabilities-in-higher-education-and-in-the-workplace\n\n professionals we can move to a strengths focus. This approach is very empowering when working with an individual with a disability as it is a move away from a medical model. Taking a strength focus can enhance the person’s self-confidence, self-esteem and selfefficacy (Hefferon & Boniwell, 2011). Using this model we can help individuals to explore their strengths and develop an awareness of their limitations. The positive psychology approach does not diminish in any way the impact of a disability or the pain and suffering that any individual might endure (Hefferon & Boniwell, 2011). The aim is to shift the focus onto what works and the strengths that the individual has developed. These strengths can be used to identify future goals and additional supports that might be required to ensure success.Strength and flowIdentifying a person’s strengths facilitates meaningfully engagement with work and allows them to experience satisfaction and flourish. There are formal assessment tools to', ' https://www.ahead.ie/journal/Positive-Psychology-Supporting-individuals-with-disabilities-in-higher-education-and-in-the-workplace\n\n attempts to answer:What makes an individual happy, more satisfied with their life?How can we use strengths to increase happiness?How can we promote optimal conditions for flow?How do optimism and hope enhance motivation and grit?How can we define hope to support individuals to achieve their goals?All these are very relevant questions when working with any adult to enhance their self-esteem, self-efficacy and self-confidence and give them a sense of control over their own future.Positive Psychology can give us an additional framework to support individuals with disabilities in higher education and in the workplace. Many of the strategies and techniques are based on research, however more research needs to be conducted with specific populations. It is anticipated in this developing field, more evidence will be gather in the future and this will assist us in identifying more targeted interventions. Positive psychology has more to contribute and we will watch space this with']