[' http://www.cancercenterofsouthflorida.com/cancer-specialties/blood-disorders/\n\nBlood Disorders There are many different types of blood disorders, such as leukocytopenia (low white blood cell count), leukocytosis (elevated white blood cell count), thrombocytopenia (low platelet count), thrombocytosis (elevated platelet count), and monoclonal gammopathy (abnormal M-protein in blood). These blood disorders, and many other blood disorders, sometimes require additional blood or bone marrow testing. Evaluation by a hematologist may be required. Treatment for various blood disorders depends on many factors, including patient symptoms, patient age, and lab testing. Some blood disorders may not require treatment. Evaluation by a hematologist may be required, to determine whether treatment is needed. Blood Disorder Specialists', ' https://boostplateletcount.com/platelet-count-for-surgery/\n\nPlatelet Count for Surgery | Boost Platelet Count for prior to surgery, then perhaps alternatives or a platelet transfusion should be considered. If you have a history of excessive bleeding or a lower platelet count, your physician will likely recommend a referral to a platelet specialist such as a hematologist for an overall recommendation or further workup to determine the best course of action. Read More: What happens when platelets are low? Guidelines for platelet transfusion These following guidelines support doctors and physicians in their decisions clinically related to platelet transfusion products. Platelet products are not intended to be a structured prescription for care and shouldn’t replace the', ' https://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health-topics/thrombocytopenia\n\nThrombocytopenia | National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) is drawn from a blood vessel, usually in your arm. If you have thrombocytopenia, the results of this test will show that your platelet count is low. A blood smear is used to check the appearance of your platelets under a microscope. For this test, a small amount of blood is drawn from a blood vessel, usually in your arm. Bone marrow tests check whether your bone marrow is healthy. Blood cells, including platelets, are made in your bone marrow. The two bone marrow tests are aspiration (as-pih-RA-shun) and biopsy. Bone marrow aspiration might be done to find out why']