[' https://www.lotuspointwellness.com/marie-choppin/\n\nMarie Choppin, Cert. Emotionally Focused Therapist - Lotus Point Wellness Emotionally Focused Therapist, awarded April 2012 AEDP (Accelerated Experiential Dynamic Psychotherapy) for Couples Therapist (2 full weeks & 1 year-long training) AEDP for Individuals – training Oct. 2018 Marie regularly attends workshops, seminars and conferences to stay abreast of current research, theories and therapeutic techniques and participates in a weekly peer consultation group and a monthly Family Therapy Peer Group to get support and guidance from other experienced clinicians in the field.', ' https://www.scribd.com/document/192554876/understandingthelinks-wdf48177\n\nunderstandingthelinks_wdf48177 | Child Neglect | Domestic Violence an appropriate authority as listed in this leaflet and follow the guidance according to your professional body. You may also seek advice from an appropriate authority listed in the leaflet if you are unsure what to do or have queries. Discuss your concerns about animal abuse with your line manager or a senior colleague. Report suspected animal abuse to the appropriate animal protection organisation or the police, according to the advice of your professional body (e.g. Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons Guide to Professional Conduct) and the policy of your practice/organisation. Raise awareness of the possible links within local networks', ' https://www.marierothman.com/EMDRConsultant.en.html\n\nEMDR Consultant Consultant, Marie is accredited to train and guide newly-trained EMDR therapists through the complexities of this modality so that they can provide an uppermost level of care for their clients. While providing direction and supervision to her supervisees, Marie continues to further her own knowledge of new developments in the field by attending trainings, workshops, and conferences in order to maintain continued requirements for her Consultant status. If you have completed your EMDR Basic Training and are looking for a Supervisor, or if you are looking for professional supervision for case review after you have completed your EMDR training, contact', ' https://sydney.edu.au/courses/courses/pr/master-of-criminology---research.html\n\nMaster of Criminology - Research - The University of Sydney of a supervised thesis of 50,000 words. The thesis must make a substantial contribution to the knowledge of the subject concerned. Candidates are also required to undertake the compulsory research-support unit , Legal Research 1 (LAWS6077). There are two steps involved in making an application to a Law research program: Expression of Interest (EOI) - Prior to making a formal application, you are required to provide information about your area of intended research, academic qualifications, professional or other qualifications, details about your original research activities and publications, and any other information relevant to the application by completing an Expression of', ' https://www.div12.org/the-significance-of-lgb-affirmative-training-and-supervision-in-improving-clinical-outcomes-of-lgb-clients/\n\nThe Significance of LGB-Affirmative Training and Supervision in Improving Clinical Outcomes of LGB Clients – Society of Clinical Psychology LGB affirming treatment like ESTEEM follows the APA (2012) Guidelines for Psychological Practice With Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Clients. There is still a subset of faculty who believe that reparative therapy is an appropriate treatment (McGeorge, Carlson, & Maier, 2016). Therefore, it is crucial to focus on training future clinicians in empirically validated LGB affirmative techniques. Psychology students who have specific classroom instruction, training, and supervision in LGB affirmative therapy perceive higher competence when working with LGB clients (Carlson, McGeorge, & Toomey, 2013). Clinical training programs should address LGB client needs and systemic heterosexism throughout their curriculum and training. Doing', ' http://learningcenter.apta.org/student/Catalogue/CatalogueCategory.aspx?id=fab07bbd-4462-40df-85fd-e74c4760a211\n\nCatalog Category - APTA Learning Center important investment in your peace of mind. Home Health Advanced Competency (Physical Therapist Track) Core Courses Home Health Clinical Assessment (.5 CEUs) The Home Health Section’s Advanced Competency in Home Health program synthesizes current evidence-based practice and tailors it to the unique physical therapy setting of home health. This program enables home health agencies, outpatient practices that provide home care physical therapy, and individual physical therapists to enhance efficacy and efficiency of treatment of their home health patients and clients. For therapists entirely new to home care. This program will prepare you for the unique characteristics of practicing in the', ' https://www.therecoveryvillage.com/local-rehab-resources/florida/punta-gorda/marriage-family-counseling/\n\nPunta Gorda, FL Marriage Counseling | Family Therapy and Counseling decide to pursue marriage counseling, your first thought may be “where is qualified marriage counseling near me?” There are many options for marriage counseling in Punta Gorda, and there are certain qualities in your therapist that you should identify and consider when narrowing down your options: Official Qualifications: Make sure the counselor you choose is properly trained in the field. Utilizing marriage therapy services from someone not well-qualified could do more harm than good. Specialized Training: Find a marriage therapist who specializes in your specific issues as a couple. For example, if infidelity is the primary catalyst to the dysfunction,']